BE-3128 Use newer endpoint for Kinesis integration (#329)
treasure-data/treasure-boxes: integration-box/Kinesis/README.md

# Amazon Kinesis Import Integration 

This example processes data from a sample similar to Kinesis Firehose data stream and imports into Treasure Data platform.

## Things to know:

1. Lambda handler function is the main method that processes steam events. When that function is invoked, Lambda invokes the handler method. By default, it has the name `lambda_function.lambda_handler`
2. An event object, which is taken as an argument for lambda_handler is a JSON-formatted document.

> 3. Kinesis Firehose event are base64 encoded and needs to be decoded. We also assume payload comes in JSON form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Kinesis Firehose events are base64 encoded and need to be decoded. We also assume the payload comes in JSON form.
```

  ]
}
```
4. If your streaming input event is of different form, the `lambda_handler` function has to be changed accordingly to parse the data. 

## Run

> - Copy and Paste script in `lambda_function.py` into your handler function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy and paste script in `lambda_function.py` into your handler function.
```
